CR#26443 Implement multi-project upload (#165)
cqse/teamscale-jacoco-agent: agent/README.md

> - `teamscale-commit-manifest-jar` As an alternative to `teamscale-commit` the agent accepts values supplied via 

Reviewer: (Belongs to line 97, but I cannot attach a comment there)
We should mention that this is optional and if not specified we expect the teamscale.project to be specified in the git.properties

./gradlew jar -Dbranch=master
```

## Multi-project upload

It is possible to upload the same coverage file to multiple Teamscale projects. In this case, 
the `teamscale-project` property has to be provided in each of the profiled Jar/War/Ear/... files
via the contained `git.properties` file. For example, the `git.properties` file can be generated
using the following Gradle plugin:

```groovy
plugins {
  id "com.gorylenko.gradle-git-properties" version "2.2.4"
}
gitProperties {
    customProperty 'teamscale-project', 'my-awesome-project' 
}
```

Please note that the commit must also be provided via the `git.properties` in each of the profiled Jar/War/Ear...
files when specifying the `teamscale-project` this way. In case `teamscale-project` is provided both via the agent properties

> and `git.properties`, the value provided via the agent properties takes precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case `teamscale-project` is provided both via the agent properties it takes precedence over any `teamscale.project` values specified in the `git.properties` files.
```
